feat: add config option for cln server name (#219)
BoltzExchange/boltz-client: docs/README.md

* `--cln.datadir` data directory of cln (`~/.lightning` by default)

You can manually set the paths of `cln.rootcert`, `cln.privatekey` and `cln.certchain` instead of speciyfing the data directory as well.

> You might have to set the `cln.servername` option aswell if you are using a custom certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might have to set the `cln.servername` option as well, if you are using a custom certificate.
```
